add recall @ k for retriever eval (#10144)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/python_api/mlflow.metrics.rst

.. autofunction:: mlflow.metrics.rougeLsum

.. autofunction:: mlflow.metrics.toxicity

.. autofunction:: mlflow.metrics.token_count

.. autofunction:: mlflow.metrics.latency

Retriever Metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following metrics are built-in metrics for the ``'retriever'`` model type, meaning they will be 
automatically calculated with a default ``retriever_k`` value of 3. 

To evaluate document retrieval models, it is recommended to use a dataset with the following 
columns:

- Input queries
- Retrieved relevant doc IDs
- Ground-truth doc IDs

> Alternatively, you can you can also provide a function through the ``model`` parameter to represent 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also provide a function through the ``model`` parameter to represent 
```

your retrieval model. The function should take a Pandas DataFrame containing input queries and 
ground-truth relevant doc IDs, and return a DataFrame with a column of retrieved relevant doc IDs.

A "doc ID" is a string that uniquely identifies a document. All doc IDs should be entered as a 

> list of doc ID  strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
list of doc ID strings.
```

Parameters:

- ``targets``: A string specifying the column name of the ground-truth relevant doc IDs
- ``predictions``: A string specifying the column name of the retrieved relevant doc IDs in either 
  the static dataset or the Dataframe returned by the ``model`` function
- ``retriever_k``: A positive integer specifying the number of retrieved docs IDs to consider for 
  each input query. ``retriever_k`` defaults to 3. You can change ``retriever_k`` by using the 
  :py:func:`mlflow.evaluate` API:

>     1. ``evaluator_config={"retriever_k": 5}``

Reviewer 2: I'd use this for clarity:

```python
mlflow.evaluate(
    ...,
    evaluator_config={"retriever_k": 5}
)
```

    2. .. code-block:: python

        extra_metrics = [
            mlflow.metrics.precision_at_k(k=5),
            mlflow.metrics.precision_at_k(6),
            mlflow.metrics.recall_at_k(4),
            mlflow.metrics.recall_at_k(5)

>         ]

Reviewer 2: Suprised that this renders fine lol

Author: i was too, but I think this is the best way to handle multil-line python code in our docs

.. autofunction:: mlflow.metrics.rougeLsum

.. autofunction:: mlflow.metrics.toxicity

.. autofunction:: mlflow.metrics.token_count

.. autofunction:: mlflow.metrics.latency

Retriever Metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following metrics are built-in metrics for the ``'retriever'`` model type, meaning they will be 
automatically calculated with a default ``retriever_k`` value of 3. 

To evaluate document retrieval models, it is recommended to use a dataset with the following 
columns:

- Input queries
- Retrieved relevant doc IDs
- Ground-truth doc IDs

Alternatively, you can also provide a function through the ``model`` parameter to represent 
your retrieval model. The function should take a Pandas DataFrame containing input queries and 
ground-truth relevant doc IDs, and return a DataFrame with a column of retrieved relevant doc IDs.

A "doc ID" is a string that uniquely identifies a document. All doc IDs should be entered as a 
list of doc ID strings.

> 

Reviewer 3: `All doc IDs should be entered as a list of doc ID strings.` is a bit confusing. Can we clarify?

Parameters:

- ``targets``: A string specifying the column name of the ground-truth relevant doc IDs
- ``predictions``: A string specifying the column name of the retrieved relevant doc IDs in either 
  the static dataset or the Dataframe returned by the ``model`` function
- ``retriever_k``: A positive integer specifying the number of retrieved docs IDs to consider for 
  each input query. ``retriever_k`` defaults to 3. You can change ``retriever_k`` by using the 
  :py:func:`mlflow.evaluate` API:

    1. .. code-block:: python

        mlflow.evaluate(
            ...,
            evaluator_config={"retriever_k": 5}
        )
    2. .. code-block:: python

        mlflow.evaluate(

>             ...,

Reviewer 3: Can we update these code blocks to include example `targets` and `predictions`?

.. autofunction:: mlflow.metrics.rougeLsum

> Retriever Specific Metrics

Reviewer 4: we are moving the LLM autoeval metrics to a `mlflow.metrics.genai` namespace in https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/pull/10138 to indicate that these are different. should we do the same for retriever metrics? else this `mlflow.metrics` module will get very large. i dont think we have to block on this btw.

Author: not blocking, but made a jira issue here for thinking abt [this here](https://databricks.atlassian.net/browse/ML-36139)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The following metrics are builtin metrics for the ``'retriever'`` model type, meaning it will be automatically calculated with a default ``k`` value of 3. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following metrics are built-in metrics for the ``'retriever'`` model type, including precision_at_k and recall_at_k. They will be automatically calculated with a default ``k`` value of 3. 
```

> It is recommended to use a static dataset (Pandas Dataframe or MLflow Pandas Dataset) containing 
> columns for: input queries, retrieved relevant doc IDs, and ground-truth doc IDs. A "doc ID" is a 
> string that uniquely identifies a document. All doc IDs should be entered as a tuple of doc ID 
> strings.
> 
> The ``targets`` parameter should specify the column name of the ground-truth relevant doc IDs.
> 
> If you choose to use a static dataset, the ``predictions`` parameter should specify the column name 
> of the retrieved relevant doc IDs. Alternatively, if you choose to specify a function for the 
> ``model`` parameter, the function should take a Pandas DataFrame as input and return a Pandas 
> DataFrame with a column of retrieved relevant doc IDs, specified by the ``predictions`` parameter.
> 
> ``k`` should be a positive integer specifying the number of retrieved doc IDs to consider for each 
> input query. ``k`` defaults to 3. To use another ``k`` value, you have two options with the :py:func:`mlflow.evaluate` API:
> 
> 1. ``evaluator_config={"k": 5}``
> 2. ``extra_metrics = [mlflow.metrics.precision_at_k(k=5), mlflow.metrics.precision_at_k(k=6), 
>    mlflow.metrics.recall_at_k(4), mlflow.metrics.recall_at_k(5)]``
> 
>     Note that the ``k`` value in the ``evaluator_config`` will be ignored in this case. It is 
>     recommended to remove the ``model_type`` as well, or else precision@3 will be calculated along 
>     with precision@5, precision@6, recall@4, and recall@5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To evaluate document retrieval models, use a dataset with the following columns: 
- Input queries
- Retrieved relevant doc IDs
- Ground-truth relevant doc IDs

Alternatively, you can also provide a function through the ``model`` parameter
to represent your retrieval model. The function should accept a Pandas 
DataFrame containing input queries and ground-truth relevant doc IDs, and return a DataFrame with a column of retrieved relevant doc IDs.

A "doc ID" is a string that uniquely identifies a document. Ensure that all doc IDs are 
represented as tuples of doc ID strings.

Parameters:
- ``targets``: Specifies the column name for ground-truth relevant doc IDs.
- ``predictions``: If using a static dataset: Specifies the column name for the retrieved relevant doc IDs.
- ``k``: A positive integer indicating how many retrieved doc IDs to consider for each input 
  query. Defaults to 3. You can change this value using the :py:func:`mlflow.evaluate` API in two 
  ways:
    1. Set ``evaluator_config={"k": 5}``
    2. Use ``extra_metrics`` like:
        ```
        extra_metrics = [
            mlflow.metrics.precision_at_k(k=5),
            mlflow.metrics.precision_at_k(k=6), 
            mlflow.metrics.recall_at_k(4), 
            mlflow.metrics.recall_at_k(5)
        ]
        ```
    In the second method, the ``k`` value in ``evaluator_config`` is ignored. It's advised to 
    also omit the ``model_type``; otherwise, precision@3 will be computed in addition to other 
    metrics like precision@5, precision@6, recall@4, and recall@5.
```
